"Again, I just will continue teaching and the listening of, again, both each other,
both each other and building motivations. And that will be the understanding of those
building motivations. Then, again, we reflect continually on the teachings. I just want also
victims to talk about the relativity, really, the path Madhya-Mukha or union of two accommodations,
which is free from the exaggeration and the deprecations. Pretty much, I can't remember,
mention, very condensed, essential ways. And when we are advancing and taking journey in the path
of
enlightenment, there is not always a smooth ride, and not always smooth, and everything goes very,
what's called, lala. Everything goes in lala, and you are right in fantasy island, and every day is
fantasies, fantasies, fantasies. Definitely not going to exile. We are dealing with the realistic
world. From this realistic world, we are going to discover the realistic nature of our building.
Therefore, we have a lot of different visions and the sceneries that we will see. It's always
a one scenery all the time. This scenery is a lot of up and down domes, and the different sceneries
,
all that scenic moves that we see, is known as obstacles. It can enter lock, or it block our path.
It could block, or it can deviate our journey, destinations. Or it will slow down. It will
make something. But what we need to do is then continue the same intention as we start the day
one, joy, appreciation, courage, commitment, let it come, and let it go. And we should have that
attitude all the time. With devotion, bodhicitta, poor renunciation, attitudes, those all we need.
To overcome until the scenery becomes so smooth. Whatever the scenery is, scenic move. It's a
scenic
move, scenic move. Therefore, we're not going to change our course by the scenic moves.
We continue to keep. This scenic change, the scenic is what we're going to see,
is in Buddha teaching mentioned poor demons. Poor demons will show up. They are the cynics,
poor demons. First demon is the demon of aggregates, aggregate demons. Second demon
is a demon of the emotions. And a third demon is known as demon of the destructions.
And a fourth demon is demon of the death. Those are known as poor demons.
Their metaphor is not just demon is coming, because devil is what we interpret as something bad. It
will
devour or block our wishes. That's what we use the metaphor as demon. So here also Buddha used
metaphor as demons. Demons. What is a demon of aggregates is all the hindrance that related with
our aggregates. Aggregates, in particular physical aggregates, poem aggregates, particularly
related
with poem aggregates. There's many different. This generally the demon is not something that
only the we, the who take the journey or put by the path, faces this. These poor obstacles or poor
demon is generally, we all said it would be good too. It's nothing that extra way we are
experiencing.
But however, we know in taking the journey practicing, practicing in the path, what it does,
it will block. It will make obstacle for us. So therefore, then it's blockage of our path
and obstacles. And now of course the demon is demon of the aggregates. This is anything
that we related simply related with physical things. And always this is something that
it becomes the number one kind of concern and issues with us. Therefore, we have to take care
of generally physical content, our past capabilities, really balanced way. Balanced way is the
teaching
of the Buddha. Nice and balanced ways. Balanced ways, but then we should also not divert it
and slow down or stop the practices. Stop the doing good things. We continually maintain our
practice and our joy. That is what is known as the overcome the demons of aggregates.
Or in other words, also we shouldn't attach it too much to these physical things. We should take
care of this, but not completely, can't involve all the time with this. We have to take care of
this body. That's what the teaching said. We know this. Great Master Shanti Deva said, this is like
,
this body is like boat. Close the ocean or the river or the lake. It's like boat. Without this
boat, we're not going to cross. We're not going to go far enough anywhere, any places. Therefore,
we have to take care of this boat. We can go and keep this body as like taking care of our
boat. Boat and our wake up. That is what we're going to maintain and we have to have that
attitude. And then with this and continue to carry the practice, continue to do the good things.
So that is really about the demon of the physicals or aggregates. The next one is demon of the
emotions. The demon of the emotion is, is as emotion. Emotion, in this time particularly related
with the rough emotions. Rough emotions. Many times when you are practicing meditating,
it kind of brings up the outer emotions in the teaching set. Because why is that? Because
we are cleansing our habit patterns of that which is accumulated, fired up many lifetimes.
We're cleansing. We're purified. That means we're cleansing our chimneys. We're cleansing our
chimneys. More than we're cleansing our separate systems. The separate system of our ears is not
something that we had happened yesterday. This is something long-term collected things. We're
cleansing. Where we're cleansing the chimney, where we're cleansing the separate systems,
you know what we go through. We know. We all know. You know I know. It's a smelly posture. Very
smelly. And then plus there's more things. More things comes. But what that means,
it means we're cleansing. That is what it means. We're really cleaning. We're cleansing. We're
purified. This smell of the separate system comes many ways. Comes up. This gas comes. And those
are
comes with very such as emotions. Very very kind of attachment. Attachment is burst up. Desire is
bursting up. Coming up. And all is bring up the other things too. Up. But front runner become the
attachment or the desire. Up front runner of that is become like anger. And then all the fire goes
up.
Up front runner will be the doubt and hesitations. Up front runner will be the arrogance.
Up front runner could be jealousness. But it's all combination of those. Could come. This is not
just only again. One smelly. This there's five different doors. Different smelly combination.
All that comes up. Come that up. That will come up. That comes as I said. This means it's not that
our practice is going in our own direction. It didn't mean our practice is something not working.
It means it's working. It's working. It's cleansing. It's purified. It's great. Therefore,
what we need to keep the same quality, same commitment, the same quality as we started day
one. Joy. Appreciation. Both each other. Feel close connected to the Buddha and work with him or
someone. All those in life. Feel their blessing. The power. And we combined that with both each
other. With the both each other. And may all sentient beings never experience this. May I'm
taking all this so that everyone becomes perfectly beautiful. Things come. All those tools the
greatest teacher Buddha taught in the teaching. Teaching. Use that. Those means that that's the
time we use the teaching. Applying not teaching is put on the carpet or somewhere in bookshops.
Bring up the teaching to use that. That is known as the practitioner's. That is known as the
practitioner's. Therefore, we should, should take again courage and commitment. Let it come. Let it
go. But destination, goal, strength and gauntlet and intention never damage it. And that is known
as the non-returning apparatus. Approaching the non-returning gauntlets. We're making
harder and stronger and beautiful. That is what it is. So that is really a border, the demon of the
emotions. Now the demon of the destructions. This destruction demon is also emotional. But this
destruction gives very soft ways, gentle ways, something appearing. That's why it's called a
distract. It's very deceitful. It's very deceitful. Deceitful because it looks so beautiful. So
nice.
The first one, demon of the emotion is so rough, so strong. Immediately we will notice it.
Immediately notice it. But demon of the destruction is so appealing, so naive, so low key. It's
like
low undercurrents. Low undercurrents. But it will pull you deep down to the ocean. Even worse than
demon of emotions. Demon of other demons. It is mostly powerful. Powerful. It comes with a
sincerely pleasure object in a way. Beautiful tones in the eyes. Beautiful songs in the ears.
Beautiful smells to the nose. Beautiful smell, taste to the tongues. Beautiful soft tender touch
to the bodies and appealing things to our mental state. Something nice and beautiful kind of looks
bad. But it will be destructive with that. It will pull down as really more deeper than what
those other demons. Therefore, it is known as demon of the destructors. They come with low keys.
Whenever that coming, always be alert. Always be balanced. And always be smart.
We are not going to let go too far. Even it looks like too beautiful. So nice and so spread.
But if it has become the hindrance, it's going to become the obstacle for our division, our goal,
our practice, that what we did there when we started it become. We have to keep the balance.
What do we call it? Enough is enough. We have to say enough is enough. That's it. We have to keep
the balance, strength. That is known as warriors. Are we able to do this? That's all we call
known as warriors. And that is known as satvas in Sanskrit language. Satvas, the warrior,
encourages ones for the enlightenment. Encourages ones, warriors for the encourages ones for
to propel the good things to our own sake and the sake of all the beings. And truly, we keep that
way.
We are truly approaching to the good directions. This all known as obstacles, demons. And then,
of course, demon of the dead. This is something last. Last comes but that everybody appears.
Beforehand the demon of the dead. This all kind of waiting on the path, along the road. So we
should
always be kind of thoughtful, mindful, applied, teaching and not forbidden. Applied with the
mindfulness, with the alertness and with the consciousness with that. Then truly will become
very beautiful practitioners. Humble, simple, strong and then very direct and become the
as then you become the beacon of the world. Truly light of the world may bring the pure and peace,
happiness to all beings and as well as one's own self. So those are what known as something that
always remember because this generally to everyone with practices sometimes those comes
like strongly and sometimes low key and this okay those i summarize that but this is related
all that different there is like the movement in the different each the business nothing big thing
is just we have to keep this just all those are below wind below wind and we have to continue to
keep that every kind of destroyed the blowing wind then we become so fragile nothing going to walk
at
all looks like we just get up and something else come knock down us on the ground something again
we get up and something else come up knock down us and on the beach and we goes on and on for to
avoid that always and the teaching said be strong courage and openness and let it come let it go
that
is very powerful teachings let it come let it go all the teachings that means we're not going to
keep the resistance on this we're going to swing with this we're going to become the beautiful
surfer surfer surfer as currents we use that currency to move we pasta pasta and stronger
and further that is what's known as let us come let it go and open ourself then always there is
sunshine the intelligence the wisdom that comes so those are important during our paths then with
this then we finally